The information shown by the UC4H Display can be configured by uploading a 
configuration file, which is an ordinary text file specifing the location
of the data items on the screen. The UC4H Display supports up to four pages, 
which can be selected by a button connected to the B1 pad of the UC4H General-
Purpose node.

Display Configuration File:

The first line of this file MUST be "!DOCTYPE uc4h display" (without the
qutoation marks). 

Each entry specifying a data item has the following format:

data item type, screen no (0..3), x unit (0/1), y unit (0/1), x , y, options;

The option field can be omitted of no option shall be specified.

When the x/y unit is set to 0, then the x/y values specify the item location in
raw display coordinates.
When the x unit is set to 1, then the x values is multiplied by 6. When the y
unit is set to 1, then the x values is multiplied by 11. This allows for a more
convenient placement of the items in respect to the normal font size. 

The included examples files show which data item types are available. 


Uploading:

Unfortunately, pyuavcan and the UAVCAN GUI Tool does not support uploading files
using the UAVCAN methods, but only supports the firmware upload mechanism. Thus, 
as a work around, the following procedure was implemented:

The node has a parameter UploadItemFile. If set to zero, which is the default, 
then "Update Fimrware" button works as usual, i.e., allows to upload a new firmware.

However, if UploadItemFile is set to 1, when the selected file will be treated as 
display configuration file, i.e., is uploaded, parsed, and stored in the respective
data structure which handles the display items. The new display configuration is
stored permenently in EEPROM, i.e., a Store ALL is neither required nor would it 
have that effect.

In order to avoid potential issues, the firmware upload will only work for files 
with a '.bin' extension, while the display configuration upload will work only 
for files with an extension which is neither '.bin' nor '.hex'.

Happy playing, and have fun.


